


AR/VR BROWSER:
=============


Mosaic : New App Opportunity - display X3D for VR headsets (AR? how) - define interaction and navigation patterns (back-forth, controllers etc.)
HTML : X3D
Link : Portal (extension to X3D)
Google : New Site Opportunity - traverse VR net for results - present 3d hub of portals to go through to go to search results
AR: special VR site linked to world coordinates and orientation - multiple may be available for same location , allow turning on/off like layers
DNS: new service for looking up GEO: (GLS? Geo Location Server) and getting a list of possible resources for it - some kind of distance need to be in source
 - GLS should have another parameter (like .gov) that hosts the data (layer)
 - so lookup would be GEO:37.45,-234.324,23,u=345,layer=his - where u is the search sphere and "his" is historical resources within the sphere
 - GLS lookup is like DNS - lookup layer in root service - layers are like the domains, coords should be looked up in the final GLS 
 - you will have to buy an entry in a layer (like DNS) nnn.medieval.history (for AR)
 - GLS can have a search facility to return a list of layers, if not specificed
 - to convoluted - URL should be enough for layers - maybe service to get AR locations from website - like html request....
 - as a website - do you have resource for this GEOlocation?
site can have URL: - resource location AND GEO: position - this is for AR/mixed reality - party "transparent" - generally not visible if you are not at location - although Google Earth might be a proxy

Hm: Browser - bookmark implemented like matrix style bookcase
    button to toggle "self" - site may specify a self, invisible or default (your chosen avatar)
    voice integration
    
Editor : New Opportunity - Unity etc. tools + server code for easy authoring of an AR/VR website






Creating a democratic "Metaverse" (not facebook dominated)
Think building metaverse as how the World Wide Web came about.
HTML equivalent (maybe X3D) - needs links/portals so URLs can get you from 1 site to another
Browser equivalent - VR/AR headset app that takes an URL as input - navigation, bookmarks, next/prev patterns should be considered
Text editor equivalent - 3D Editor - Unity could be the first with exports to easily setup a site
Google equivalent - site to search all "Metaverse" and present results inside 
AR - this would take some consideration - multiple "sites" could be available for specific realword location, so some kind of layers

Most of these pieces are already availabe, but its not availabe to normal people, so in order to spark it:
Build the Browser App - to be ready when apple is going to release their solution (maybe work with them?)
Include the exporter in Unity Editor
Create the search "site" and a number of searchable sites, to showcase how its done (Google will run with this)


AR - walking around with AR glasses should find layers based on where you are - user can prefilter, or sort methods etc. (how to select the layers?)


Seamless AR VR integration i.e. passing between should be simple

Portal appears into VR - user can use a "ENTER" command to enter VR, whereas user has to pass through an AR portal (which probably is more like a bounding box)
NEXT/PREVIOUS for navigation between content - in AR it is cycling the layers (skipping if user is outside area), in VR the worlds

search AR content and how to prevent spamming
VR content is more like usual web search







